Account verified. Please login to continue.
All your Disney Favourites
Be the first to see Disney+ Originals
Be the first to see new exclusive Indonesian hits before anyone else.
Download Error
Download any movie or show
Enjoy ad free entertainment
Error
Exclusive Indonesian Premieres
Exclusive Indonesian premieres with top local stars
FAQs
Forgot Password
I'm a Telkomsel customer, how should I sign up?
Incorrect Email or Password. Please try again.
Instructions for improving security will be sent to below email ID
Marvel, Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, National Geographic and more
Maximum attempts reached for verifying your Facebook account. Please try again after some time.
Maximum attempts reached. Please check your inbox to change the password.
Maximum attempts reached. Please try again after some time.
Never-before-seen exclusive Disney+ Original movies, series and more
Notifications may include alerts, sounds and icon badges. These can be configured in Settings.
OK
Please enter your correct age
Please stop playing on other devices and retry
Please wait while the video loads
SUBSCRIBE
Seems like you registered via facebook. Please use correct login method.
Service Unavailable
Session expired. Please logout & login to continue.
Sign in to join the fun
Something went wrong. Please try again in sometime. For help, write to hello@hotstar.com. (Error: %s)
Stream in SD or HD on your mobile, computer or TV
Stream on Android mobiles, iPhones, iPads, Computer, Android TV & Amazon Fire TV Stick, with more being added in the future.
This login method is unavailable in your region. Please try a different method.
This number is used by an existing account. Please try a different number.
Unable to send OTP. Try Again
Watch movies and shows uninterrupted
We have your details already. Please proceed to continue.
Write to us at %s in case of any queries.
You'll find something for everyone with the huge library of movies
Account logged out
Account verified & logout initiated
An error has occurred.
Best of Marvel, Disney, Star Wars and many more.
CONTINUE
Can not create new user from facebook.
Change Password
Change your password to close other videos
Continue watching your favourites even when you are offline
Download
Error playing this content due to DRM issues. Please try again.
If not received, retry sending the code.
Incorrect code entered. Please enter again
LIVE
LOG IN
M
Next Episode
O
OKAY
Off
Oops, something went wrong. Please try again in sometime.
Playback Error
Privacy Policy
RETRY
Session expired. Please login again.
Something went wrong. Please restart the app.
Something went wrong. Please try again in sometime.
Something went wrong. Please try again in sometime. (ERROR : %s)
Subscription Cancellation Error
Subscription Error
Subtitles
The biggest global and Indonesian hits, all in one place.
This content is currently not available in your region.
This content is not supported on your device
This email is not registered with us. Please sign up
This email is not registered. Please enter correct email address.
Verify to log out all devices
We have sent a link to change your password to your email address %s
We have sent a link to change your password to your email address <b>%s</b>.
You are just one step away from verifying to continue watching again.
You seem to be using a vpn or proxy. Please turn off any of these services and try again.